FemmeFit

FemmeFit is a website that hopes to entice women to feel confident starting, or continuing, their fitness journey in FemmeFit's state-of-the-art all female gym and fitness centre. The site is targetted at women of all fitness abilities who are hoping to join a female only gym. The FemmeFit website will be helpful for women to learn about the services offered at FemmeFit gym.


[image of Responsivee Mockup]

Existing Features

Navigation Bar

The navigation bar is present on all three webpages and includes links to Home, About, and Pricing. This navigation bar is identical across each webpage. The navigation bar allows users to navigate through each page without having to use the 'back' button.

The Landing Section image

The landing includes a photograph with a logo overlay to allow the user to become aware of FemmeFit logo
This section introduces the user to FemmeFit with a sleek photo of women exercising at the premises. 

About Section

The About section allows the user to understand more about the gym's ethos club ethos section will allow the user to see the benefits of joining the Love Running meetups, as well as the benefits of running overall.
This user will see the value of signing up for the Love Running meetups. This should encourage the user to consider running as their form of exercise.
Club Ethos

Pricing section

This section will allow the user to see the different types of payment plans available to them when wishing to attend the gym. 

The Footer

The footer section includes links to the relevant social media sites for FemmeFit. The links will open to a new tab to allow easy navigation for the user.
The footer is valuable to the user as it encourages them to keep connected via social media

Features Left to Implement
A gallery of gym members participating in classes and attending the gym. 
A testimonials page with reviews from current and past members
A page detailing classes on offer 

Testing
In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your project’s features and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

Validator Testing
HTML
No errors were returned when passing through the official W3C validator

CSS
No errors were found when passing through the official (Jigsaw) validator - please see link here https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2F8000-megc92-v2personal-traini-5iv6y06879.us2.codeanyapp.com%2F&profile=css3svg&usermedium=all&warning=1&vextwarning=&lang=en#css

Unfixed Bugs
You will need to mention unfixed bugs and why they were not fixed. This section should include shortcomings of the frameworks or technologies used. Although time can be a big variable to consider, paucity of time and difficulty understanding implementation is not a valid reason to leave bugs unfixed.

Deployment

The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:
On the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab
On lefthand side of page - navigate to Pages
The source was set to 'Deploy from a branch' 
Once selected, the 'main' branch was then selected and saved 
The live link can be found here - https://code-institute-org.github.io/love-running-2.0/index.html

Credits

Content & Media
The text for each of the webpages was was generated by ChatGBTInstructions on how to use and implement FlexBox was taken  from a W3Schools Tutorial (https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_flexbox.asp)
The fonts for the website were imported from Google Fonts
The color pallette was chosen using ColorSpace however mainly stuck to one color 
The icons in the footer were taken from Font Awesome Media
The photos used across the website were downloaded from Unsplash
The FemmeFit logo was made in Photoshop 
